Modify rule S5147[JS/TS]: Change text to the education framework format (APPSEC-233) (#1384)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S5147/common/fix/plain-string-values.adoc

==== Use only plain string values 

> With MongoDB, NoSQL injection can arise when attackers are able to inject objects in the query instead of plain string values. For example, using the object `{ $ne: "" }` in a field of a `find` query, will return every entries where the field is not empty.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With MongoDB, NoSQL injection can arise when attackers are able to inject objects in the query instead of plain string values. For example, using the object `{ $ne: "" }` in a field of a `find` query, will return every entry where the field is not empty.
```

> Some JavaScript applicative web servers enable "extended" syntax that serializes url query parameters into JavaScript objects or arrays. This is allow attacker to control all the fileds of an object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some JavaScript application servers enable "extended" syntax that serializes URL query parameters into JavaScript objects or arrays. This allows attackers to control all the fields of an object.
```

In express.js, this "extended" syntax https://expressjs.com/en/4x/api.html#express.urlencoded[is enabled by default].

> Before using any untrusted value in a MongoDB query, make sure it is a plain string and not JavaScript objects or arrays.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before using any untrusted value in a MongoDB query, make sure it is a plain string and not a JavaScript object or an array.
```
